rename VSCE, VSCE API, SDK, and CLI (#405)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/vsce/README.md

# Zowe Explorer for IBM CICS Transaction Server

[![version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/zowe.cics-extension-for-zowe.svg)](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/zowe.cics-extension-for-zowe.svg)
[![slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue)](https://openmainframeproject.slack.com/archives/CUVE37Z5F)
[![open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client)](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/branch/main/)

> The Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server extension (previously named IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer) adds additional functionality to the popular VS Code extension, [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe). This extension allows interactions with CICS regions and resources, and the ability to run commands against them.

Author: ```suggestion
The Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server extension (formerly named IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer) adds additional functionality to the popular VS Code extension, [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe). This extension allows interactions with CICS regions and resources, and the ability to run commands against them.
```

> This Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server extension (previously named IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer) adds additional functionality to the popular VS Code extension, [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe). This extension allows interactions with CICS regions and resources, and the ability to run commands against them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server extension (formerly IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer) adds additional functionality to the popular VS Code extension, [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe). This extension allows interactions with CICS regions and resources, and the ability to run commands against them.
```

> This Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server extension (previously named IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer) adds additional functionality to the popular VS Code extension, [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe). This extension allows interactions with CICS regions and resources, and the ability to run commands against them.

Reviewer 2: I would say "**The** Zowe&reg; Explorer for IBM&reg;"...
